> **Inaction breeds fear. Default to action.**
> Day 01/50
## Objectives
- [x] ~~Add images to website~~
	- [x] ~~Export from Figma~~
	- [x] ~~Convert all images to WEBP format~~
	- [x] ~~Add all images to website repo~~
	- [x] ~~Link images in respective projects~~
- [x] ~~Create Clear landing page~~
	- [x] ~~Finalize widget design for mockup~~
	- [x] ~~Finalize landing page layout~~
	- [x] ~~Put mockup(s) on landing page~~
	- [x] ~~Configure landing page domain~~
	- [x] ~~Add link to personal website~~
- [x] ~~Apply to 5 non-freelance jobs~~
	- ~~Prioritize remote, in-house roles~~
## Tasks
- [ ] ~~Set up cold plunge for the season~~
	- [ ] ~~Empty if necessary~~
	- [ ] ~~Scrub inside~~
	- [ ] ~~Refill with new water~~
- [x] ~~Finish putting together shed~~
- [x] ~~Put laundry away~~
- [x] ~~Write blog post~~
- [x] ~~Document work on X~~
- [x] ~~Study Polish~~
## Events
- Garbage day
- Next Project 50 cycle starts
## Questions
- [x] ~~What are good anti-inflammatory foods I can have for breakfast?~~
- [x] ~~When is the weather better for setting up the cold plunge?~~
## Notes
- Picked up milk crate!
- Finished building the shed!
- Skill interview tomorrow
- Weather looks good to set up the cold plunge on Saturday
---
## EOD Reflection
1. Did I finish what I set out to do today? If no, what roadblocks came up?
2. Did my actions align with my goals, values, and guiding principles?
3. What went well today? What didn't?
4. Is there anything I need to change moving forward?
5. What can I do better tomorrow?