> **Inaction breeds fear. Default to action.**
> Day 01/14
## Objectives
- [ ] ~~Complete S3 D1 tasks~~
- [ ] ~~Apply to remaining jobs~~
- [x] ~~Prep S3 D2 tasks~~
## Tasks
- [x] ~~Study Polish~~
- [ ] ~~Do laundry~~
## Events
- [Redacted] here tonight, cook dinner
- Lunch date
## Questions
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
## Notes
- I really like digitizing my EOD reflections, I'll have to keep this moving forward
---
## EOD Reflection
1. Did I finish what I set out to do today? If no, what roadblocks came up?
	I didn't finish everything I set out to do today. I was very slow to get started today, and I struggled to get going. I had a few unexpected things come up that I had to adapt to, and it meant not getting *everything* done. I'm still struggling to catch up from the weekend's unforeseen events, then not setting sufficient boundaries for myself. A few minor roadblocks came up that I could adapt to, like others needing to do laundry for work (I'm good for one more day), but I think overall, today's biggest roadblock was myself.
2. Did my actions align with my goals, values, and guiding principles?
	The time that wasn't spent with others didn't align with my goals, values, and guiding principles in the ways it should have. A few things in particular come to mind: I didn't [[00 Identity#Guiding Principles|default to action]] like I should have, and since many of my actions weren't [[00 Identity#Guiding Principles|helping my goals, they hurt them]]. Many of my actions today also weren't in alignment with my [[00 Identity#Identity Anchors|identity anchors]].
3. What went well today? What didn't?
	Spending time with others went well today. It feels like because I started the day so late, and spending time with others went so well, nothing else really went well. I'm keeping in mind [Eugene Teo's rule on Matt D'Avella's podcast](https://youtu.be/4L0ys-B21JE?si=m_B9ajeEbKP2VG1p), but also recognizing my lack of commitment to myself, my identity, and my goals. I'm grateful I got to enjoy time with family, but I had additional time that I could have used to honour myself, and I didn't use it for that.
4. Is there anything I need to change moving forward?
	I think I need to change how I approach "my time" vs. "others' time". I really struggle taking time for myself, and I usually feel guilty for my work "taking too long" even though I aim to cram a lot into each day. I want to try new approaches so I can feel better about my accomplishments and feel less guilt about the time I do/don't spend with others.
5. What can I do better tomorrow?
	Honour my commitments to myself. I know that I have a lot of work to do, and I want to do the work I set out to do. I need to prioritize myself more tomorrow than I have been previously, especially this week. I need to give to myself tomorrow before I can continue giving to others.